ircDDB Gateway - 20130131
=========================

Windows
-------

To use the Repeater control software you will first need to build the latest
version of wxWidgets (http://www.wxwidgets.org), the version I used was 2.8.12,
I also installed it in the default location which is C:\wxWidgets-2.8.12.

For compiling I use Visual C++ 2008 Express Edition downloaded from Microsoft
for free. I recommend that you use the same.

To build wxWidgets, you simply need to open Visual Studio 2008 using the File ->
Open -> Projects/Solutions and load the wx_dll.dsw file to be found in
wxWidgets-2.8.12\build\msw directory and then go into Batch Build and select the
DLL Unicode Debug and DLL Uncode Release entries for every one, this take a 
little time! Then build them.

The path names for things like wxWidgets are embedded within the Solution and 
Project preferences, and will need changing if anything other than these default 
locations are used. The first pass through the compiler will no doubt tell you 
all that you need to know if there are problems.

Once you have built the executables, you will need to copy 
wxbase28u_vc_custom.dll, wxmsw28u_adv_vc_custom.dll, and 
wxmsw28u_core_vc_custom.dll to the same directory as your newly built 
executables in order for it to run. If you are running in debug mode then the 
required wxWidgets files have the names xxx28ud_xxxx instead. These can be found 
in the wxWidgets-2.8.12\lib\vc_dll directory.

It is also probable that you'll need to install a copy of the latest Visual C++
run-time libraries from Microsoft, if you are not running the Repeater software
on the same machine as the development/compilation was done on. To do this you
need to copy and run the Vcredist_x86.exe file which is found at
<http://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/download/details.aspx?id=5582>

Linux
-----

You need to ensure that wxGTK and PortAudio are already installed on your
machine, under Ubuntu these are available from the standard repositories, the
version of wxWidgets is adequate. However you should get the latest version of 
PortAudio from its home and build it from scratch.

To install them from scratch, you need to get wxGTK from 
<http://www.wxwidgets.org>. If you do a "make install" on both then they'll be 
installed in the right places and nothing more needs to be done.

The top level Makefile includes platform specific settings from the file 
"settings.mk". The default file is for x86 Linux systems. Samples for other
platforms are provided by other developers, copy a required version to
"settings.mk" when needed.

To actually build the software, type "make" in the same directory as this file
and all should build without errors, there may be a warning or two though. Once
compiled, do "make install" and the executables should be copied to 
/usr/local/bin and the support files to /usr/local/etc.
